Improved file extraction workflows and continuous integration. Enhanced documentation with new properties (#738)
KnowledgeCaptureAndDiscovery/somef: docs/output.md

- `application_domain`: The application domain of the repository. This may be related to the research area of a software component (e.g., Astrophysics) or the general domain/functionality of the tool (i.e., machine learning projects). See all current recognized application domains [here](https://somef.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#myfootnote1).
- `acknowledgement`: Any text that the authors have prepared to acknnowledge the contribution from others, or project funding.

> - `author`: Person or organization responsable of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `author`: Person or organization responsible of the project. This property is also used to indicate the responsible entities of a publication associated with the code repository
```
